# Scottish_Election_Study_2024
This repository holds the codebook and data for the initial release of the Scottish Election Study 2024 General Election panel survey dataset, which was carried out as part of the Scottish Election Study 2021-2025 project. Data are in .dta format for your convenience.

The wider 2021-2025 Scottish Election Study (SES) project was carried out as a collaboration between the University of Edinburgh, University of Glasgow, University of Essex, and Royal Holloway, University of London. Professor Ailsa Henderson served as Principal Investigator, with Professors Rob Johns, Christopher Carman, and Christopher Hanretty serving as Co-Investigators. Dr Fraser McMillan and Dr Jac Larner served as Research Associates. The wider 2021-2025 Scottish Election Study project, including all survey data collection, is funded by the Economic and Social Research Council. Henderson, McMillan, Larner, Johns and Carman designed the 2024 survey instrument.

The 2024 data were collected as a two-wave panel in collaboration with YouGov. The surveys were fielded as online self-completion questionnaires via quota sampling. Wave 1 was carried out as a two-week rolling sample between the 19th of June and 2nd of July 2024. Wave 2 was carried out between the 8th and 22nd of July. A total of 2,472 respondents completed Wave 1, with 2,027 of these individuals completing the follow-up, giving a retention rate of 82%. Among Wave 2 respondents, more than 75% completed the survey by the 12th of July, one week after the results were announced.

Data citation: Henderson A., McMillan F., Larner J., Johns R., Carman C. and Miori M., (2025) "Scottish Election Study 2024 General Election panel survey". 
